Add InvertedIndex and `in()` examples (#1971)
JuliaData/DataFrames.jl: docs/src/man/getting_started.md

│ 1   │ 1     │ 2     │
```

> In addition, [InvertedIndices](https://github.com/mbauman/InvertedIndices.jl) can be used to select all columns excluding a specified subset:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A `Not` selector (from the [InvertedIndices](https://github.com/mbauman/InvertedIndices.jl) package) can be used to select all columns excluding a specific subset:
```
It would also be nice to show an example with a vector of columns (as it's not obvious that you can do that).

│ 98  │ 795   │ 8     │ 398   │
│ 99  │ 797   │ 8     │ 399   │
```
Where a specific subset of values needs to be matched, the `in()` function can be applied:

```jldoctest dataframe

> julia> df[in([1, 5, 601]).(df.A), :]

Reviewer: Maybe we should recommend `in.(df.A, Ref([1, 5, 601]))` instead? I find the syntax where `in(...)` is broadcasted quite hard to understand, since it requires knowing that `in(...)` returns an anonymous function (which is an exception). On the contrary, explaining how `Ref` works would be more generally useful.

Reviewer 2: I support the suggestion of @nalimilan and would show both options. Alternatively I can add it in  #1969 after this is merged if you prefer.

Author: Have reverted to a call without `Fix2` to introduce the example and mentioned `Fix2` afterwards - it is less than ideal that `Fix2` isn't really documented anywhere, the only mention in the docs I could find was the linked `isequal` example.

Reviewer 2: I have proposed a link that I think is a bit better in this case.

Author: Yeah that makes sense - although I still wish there was some actual documentation on `Fix2` somewhere in the docs...

│ 98  │ 795   │ 8     │ 398   │
│ 99  │ 797   │ 8     │ 399   │
```
Where a specific subset of values needs to be matched, the `in()` function can be applied:

```jldoctest dataframe
julia> df[in.(df.A, Ref([1, 5, 601])), :]
3×3 DataFrame
│ Row │ A     │ B     │ C     │
│     │ Int64 │ Int64 │ Int64 │
├─────┼───────┼───────┼───────┤
│ 1   │ 1     │ 1     │ 1     │
│ 2   │ 5     │ 1     │ 3     │
│ 3   │ 601   │ 7     │ 301   │
```

> Equivalently, the `in` function can be used as a [`Fix2`](https://docs.julialang.org/en/v1/base/base/#Base.isequal) function object - the above call would then be written as `df[in([1, 5, 601]).(df.A), :]`.

Reviewer 2: Maybe add a link to the definition (which has a docstring above it):
```suggestion
Equivalently, the `in` function can be used as a [`Fix2`](https://github.com/JuliaLang/julia/blob/v1.0/base/operators.jl#L964) function object - the above call would then be written as `df[in([1, 5, 601]).(df.A), :]`.
```

> Equivalently, the `in` function can be used as a [`Fix2`](https://github.com/JuliaLang/julia/blob/v1.0/base/operators.jl#L964) function object - the above call would then be written as `df[in([1, 5, 601]).(df.A), :]`.

Reviewer: Seriously, mentioning an unexported object and pointing to the source code in a Getting Started page? :-D

```suggestion
Equivalently, the `in` function can be called with a single argument to create a function object that tests whether each value belongs to the subset (partial application of `in`): `df[in([1, 5, 601]).(df.A), :]`.
```

Reviewer 2: Well the link I have given is exported :), but your proposal is better.
